packages/stacked_firebase_auth/README.md, before:

# Firebase Authentication Service

This package provides a `FirebaseAuthenticationService` that provides the following logins.

- Email
- Google
- Facebook
- Apple

It wraps the functionality for those three auth providers. Examples to come soon. This package is being published to improve the [BoxtOut tutorial](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdTodMosi-BzqMe7fU9Bin3z14_hqNHRA) for setting up Firebase Auth. So it's barebones for now. The functionality works great, at the moment I just don't have the time to write a full readme tutorial along with the examples. that will come soon.

## Future Development

- [ ] Add functionality to set the logger or use a default one
- [ ] Add the codes thrown from the service into the readme
- [ ] Add option to throw exceptions instead of returning a `FirebaseAuthenticationResult`
- [ ] Add example to the package
- [ ] Add a proper readme
- [ ] Add examples into the readme
- [ ] Add mobile authentication option (implementation already exists, it just needs to be moved in here)
- [ ] Add other authentication providers

Commit message:

Removed `flutter_facebook_auth` dependency and its implementation

packages/stacked_firebase_auth/README.md, after:

# Firebase Authentication Service

This package provides a `FirebaseAuthenticationService` that provides the following logins.

- Email
- Google
- Apple
- Facebook (Removed `flutter_facebook_auth` dependency and its implementation since it was causing a `MissingPluginException` if the app isn't setup for Facebook Auth)

It wraps the functionality for those three auth providers. Examples to come soon. This package is being published to improve the [BoxtOut tutorial](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdTodMosi-BzqMe7fU9Bin3z14_hqNHRA) for setting up Firebase Auth. So it's barebones for now. The functionality works great, at the moment I just don't have the time to write a full readme tutorial along with the examples. that will come soon.

## Future Development

- [ ] Add functionality to set the logger or use a default one
- [ ] Add the codes thrown from the service into the readme
- [ ] Add option to throw exceptions instead of returning a `FirebaseAuthenticationResult`
- [ ] Add example to the package
- [ ] Add a proper readme
- [ ] Add examples into the readme
- [ ] Add mobile authentication option (implementation already exists, it just needs to be moved in here)
- [ ] Add other authentication providers
